Restrictions set operation (#405)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/restrictions.md

Adds new restrictions with the specified conditions.

> **Important:** If consecutive restrictions are sent with the exact same conditions and exceptions, no attempt at merging them into a single restriction is made. This means that there can be a large number of restrictions per service, leading to sub-optimal performance. A quota limit of 150000 has been introduced for this reason. To mitigate the issue, the preferred way to add restrictions is new operation [set restrictions](#set-restrictions). The new operation is currently marked as 'Restricted' and subject to change as part of beta testing, but in time we expect that to replace [add restrictions](#add-restrictions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** If consecutive restrictions are sent with the exact same conditions and exceptions, no attempt at merging them into a single restriction is made. This means that there can be a large number of restrictions per service, leading to sub-optimal performance. A quota limit of 150000 has been introduced for this reason. To mitigate the issue, the preferred way to add restrictions is new operation [Set restrictions](#set-restrictions). The new operation is currently marked as 'Restricted' and subject to change as part of beta testing, but in time we expect that to replace [Add restrictions](#add-restrictions).
```

> This means that there can easily be a big number of restrictions per service, leading to sub-optimal performance. Quota of **150000** has been introduced for this reason.

Reviewer: These three paragraphs can be removed, as they are replaced by the paragraph above in the block quotes.

```javascript
{}
```

> ## Set restrictions

Reviewer 2: How about restriction quotas, do they still apply here? We should mention that if there is any problem with quotas when using restrictions/add this should help. 
What are the implications to switch from using restrictions/add to set, can partners just start calling it? Is it a preferred way of creating restrictions using connector API?

Adds new restrictions with the specified conditions.

If there already exists a restriction with the same conditions, following scenarios apply:

1) If the exceptions of the new restriction match the old restriction:

>    1) If the new interval is longer than the old one, new restriction is created joining the two intervals.

Reviewer 2: maybe a,b for nested list

   2) If the new interval is shorter, no changes are made.
2) If the exceptions of the new restriction do not match the old restriction:

>    1) If the new interval is overlaps the old interval, the old restriction will be spliced before and after the new interval. Restrictions matching the old restriction are then added at the appropriate interval along with the new restriction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a) If the new interval overlaps the old interval, the old restriction will be spliced before and after the new interval. Restrictions matching the old restriction are then added at the appropriate interval along with the new restriction.
```

   2) If the new interval do not overlap the old interval, the new restriction is added as usual.

If the supplied restrictions match in all the properties but differ in interval and follow each other chronologically, the supplied restrictions will be joined into a single restriction.

> The usage of this endpoint must be enabled per enterprise.

Reviewer 2: How, where, who can do it?

Author: So who can do it for them? Should I write something like "contact the technical partner support team"?

### Request

> `[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/restrictions/set`

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we also deprecate the restrictions/set?

Author: Shouldn't we deprecate it once partners are happy with the set ?

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure of the situation here, but depending on the situation it could be handled in different ways:
1. If the new operation is intended to **sit alongside** 'add restrictions', then they should have separate use cases and separate names, and the names should reflect the use cases; 'set restrictions' and 'add restrictions' sound like the same thing to me.
2. If the new operation **replaces** 'add restrictions' then it could either be a version 2 of the same operation, or it could have a different name, but either way the old operation is **deprecated** - it should be marked as deprecated and listed on the Deprecations page.
3. If the new operation is being trialled and is subject to change, like a Beta test, then it should either be left out of the documentation, or marked as **restricted** with a note to say what the restriction is, e.g. "beta test, subject to change". This is true regardless of whether 1 or 2 above also applies.

Author: ok, i'll add #3 and then once we are ready for release, I'll remove it and marked the add as deprecated.
Thanks

Reviewer 2: @MikeAdamsMews fair. I think we should go with 2+3. Introduction of a new endpoint, that replaces the functionality of the restrictions/add. It comes with breaking changes to the 'add' so we were not able to implement it in a non-breaking way. We want to document it for partners but at the same time would like to be able to do some breaking changes if some problems with the endpoint are found. Restricted is a way to go.

```javascript
{}
```

## Set restrictions

Adds new restrictions with the specified conditions.

If there already exists a restriction with the same conditions, following scenarios apply:

- A. If the exceptions of the new restriction match the old restriction:

>    1) A If the new interval is longer than the old one, new restriction is created joining the two intervals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1) If the new interval is longer than the old one, new restriction is created joining the two intervals.
```

>    1) A If the new interval is longer than the old one, new restriction is created joining the two intervals.

Reviewer 2: Is it clear what interval is and what's the shortest interval in our system for restrictions? That's how this differs from restrictions/add, no? We added a check for this, might be worth mentioning here that there would be a difference when migration from add.

Author: ok, i'll add explanation for the interval here as well

   2) If the new interval is shorter, no changes are made.
- B. If the exceptions of the new restriction do not match the old restriction:
   1) If the new interval overlaps the old interval, the old restriction will be spliced before and after the new interval. Restrictions matching the old restriction are then added at the appropriate interval along with the new restriction.
   2) If the new interval do not overlap the old interval, the new restriction is added as usual.

If the supplied restrictions match in all the properties but differ in interval and follow each other chronologically, the supplied restrictions will be joined into a single restriction.

> The usage of this endpoint must be enabled per enterprise by Connectivity team.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is information for integration partners :D They have just TPMS to communicate with.

Quota of **150000** restrictions per service applies here as well as the [restrictions add endpoint.](#add-restrictions)

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/restrictions/set`

```javascript
{  
   "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
   "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
   "ServiceId": "bd26d8db-86da-4f96-9efc-e5a4654a4a94",
   "Restrictions": [  
      {  
         "Identifier": "1234",
         "ExternalIdentifier": "5678",
         "Type": "Start",
         "ExactRateId": "7c7e89d6-69c0-4cce-9d42-35443f2193f3",
         "ResourceCategoryId": "86336EAC-4168-46B1-A544-2A47251BF864",
         "Days": [  
            "Friday",
            "Saturday",
            "Sunday"
         ],
         "MinLength": "P0M2DT0H0M0S",
         "MaxLength": "P0M7DT0H0M0S",
      },
      {  
         "Identifier": "1235",
         "ExternalIdentifier": "5678",
         "Type": "Start",
         "BaseRateId": "e5b538b1-36e6-43a0-9f5c-103204c7f68e",

>          "Days": {

Reviewer 2: IS this correct? in the object above we have list of strings (days) here is it as object with bools. I'd say it's incorrect in the previous object.

| `ResourceCategoryType` | string | optional | Name of the restricted [Resource category type](resources.md#resource-category-type). |
| `StartUtc` | string | optional | Start of the restricted interval in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `EndUtc` | string | optional | End of the restricted interval in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `Days` | [DaysParameters](#days-parameters) | required | The restricted days of week. |
| `MinAdvance` | string | optional | The minimum time before the reservation starts, you can reserve in ISO 8601 duration format. |
| `MaxAdvance` | string | optional | The maximum time before the reservation starts, you can reserve in ISO 8601 duration format. |
| `MinLength` | string | optional | Minimal reservation length in ISO 8601 duration format. |
| `MaxLength` | string | optional | Maximal reservation length in ISO 8601 duration format. |
| `MinPrice` | [Currency value](accountingitems.md#currency-value)| optional | Value of the minimum price per time unit. |
| `MaxPrice` | [Currency value](accountingitems.md#currency-value)| optional | Value of the maximum price per time unit. |

#### Days parameters

> | Property | Type | Contract | Description |

Reviewer 2: Are they all required? Wouldn't it make sense to default to false it it's not provided same as we have with extents?

Author: It's the same DTO that is being used in Commander ... I'd say it makes the object consistent without the need to handle nulls...

```javascript
{}
```

## Set restrictions

> ### Restricted!
> This operation is currently in beta-test and as such it is subject to change.

> > 

Reviewer: Can we get rid of the new line here, so it's just one paragraph?

Adds new restrictions with the specified conditions.

> If there already exists a restriction with the same conditions, following scenarios apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a restriction already exists with the same conditions, merging algorithms are applied to improve efficiency, as described below.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think I would make the merging discussion a small separate section, by inserting a heading:

### Merging algorithms

> >  The usage of this endpoint must be enabled per enterprise. Please, contact the Technical Partner Support team in order to enable this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Use of this operation must be enabled per enterprise. Please contact the Technical Partner Support team in order to enable it.
```

- A. If the exceptions of the new restriction match the old restriction:

>    1) If the new interval is longer than the old one, new restriction is created joining the two intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1) If the new interval is longer than the old one, a new restriction is created joining the two intervals.
```

   2) If the new interval is shorter, no changes are made.

> - B. If the exceptions of the new restriction do not match the old restriction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- B. If the exceptions of the new restriction do _not_ match the old restriction:
```

   1) If the new interval overlaps the old interval, the old restriction will be spliced before and after the new interval. Restrictions matching the old restriction are then added at the appropriate interval along with the new restriction.

>    2) If the new interval do not overlap the old interval, the new restriction is added as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2) If the new interval does _not_ overlap the old interval, the new restriction is added as usual.
```

> Interval is defined as all the dates contained within the `StartUtc` and `EndUtc` inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that interval is defined as all the dates contained between and inclusive of `StartUtc` and `EndUtc`.
```

The `StartUtc` and `EndUtc` properties must be set to the midnight of the given date when converted to enterprise's local datetime. This is different from the `restrictions add` endpoint since it allowed setting different times. Restrictions are applied for all the dates within the interval including the `EndUtc` date.

> If the supplied restrictions match in all the properties but differ in interval and follow each other chronologically, the supplied restrictions will be joined into a single restriction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the supplied restrictions match in all properties but differ in interval and follow each other chronologically, the supplied restrictions will be joined into a single restriction.
```

> Quota of **150000** restrictions per service applies here as well as the [restrictions add endpoint](#add-restrictions), but the internal logic makes the quota much less likely to be exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quota of 150000 restrictions per service applies, although it is unlikely to be exceeded because of the merging algorithm.
```

> The usage of this endpoint must be enabled per enterprise. Please, contact the Technical Partner Support team in order to enable this endpoint.

Reviewer: I would add this comment at the top, just under the Restricted notice. Or part of the notice itself, if the reason is because it is restricted.

> This endpoint cannot be used in conjunction with [restrictions add endpoint](#add-restrictions).

Reviewer: I would either re-word this statement and put it at the top, or better just remove it altogether. What is to stop a user using 'Set restrictions' as well as 'Add restrictions'?
